psalm 119 blessed are the undefiled in
psalm 119 blessed are the undefiled in the way who walk in the law of the Lord
the way who walk in the law of the Lord
the way who walk in the law of the Lord blessed are those who keep his
blessed are those who keep his
blessed are those who keep his testimonies who seek him with the whole
testimonies who seek him with the whole
testimonies who seek him with the whole heart they also do no iniquity they walk
heart they also do no iniquity they walk
heart they also do no iniquity they walk in his ways you have commanded us to
in his ways you have commanded us to
in his ways you have commanded us to keep your precepts diligently oh that my
keep your precepts diligently oh that my
keep your precepts diligently oh that my ways were directed to keep your statutes
ways were directed to keep your statutes
ways were directed to keep your statutes then I would not be ashamed when I look
then I would not be ashamed when I look
then I would not be ashamed when I look into all your Commandments I will praise
into all your Commandments I will praise
into all your Commandments I will praise you with uprightness of heart when I
you with uprightness of heart when I
you with uprightness of heart when I learn your righteous judgments I will
learn your righteous judgments I will
learn your righteous judgments I will keep your statutes
keep your statutes
keep your statutes oh do not forsake me utterly how can a
oh do not forsake me utterly how can a
oh do not forsake me utterly how can a young man cleanse his way by taking heed
young man cleanse his way by taking heed
young man cleanse his way by taking heed according to your word with my whole
according to your word with my whole
according to your word with my whole heart
heart
heart I have sought you oh let me not wander
I have sought you oh let me not wander
I have sought you oh let me not wander from your Commandments your word I have
from your Commandments your word I have
from your Commandments your word I have hidden in my heart that I might not sin
hidden in my heart that I might not sin
hidden in my heart that I might not sin against you blessed are you O Lord teach
against you blessed are you O Lord teach
against you blessed are you O Lord teach me your statutes
me your statutes
me your statutes with my lips I have declared all the
with my lips I have declared all the
with my lips I have declared all the judgments of your mouth
judgments of your mouth
judgments of your mouth I have rejoiced in the way of your
I have rejoiced in the way of your
I have rejoiced in the way of your testimonies as much as in all riches I
testimonies as much as in all riches I
testimonies as much as in all riches I will meditate on your precepts and
will meditate on your precepts and
will meditate on your precepts and contemplate your way I will delight
contemplate your way I will delight
contemplate your way I will delight myself in your statutes I will not
myself in your statutes I will not
myself in your statutes I will not forget your word deal bountifully with
forget your word deal bountifully with
forget your word deal bountifully with your servant that I may live and keep
your servant that I may live and keep
your servant that I may live and keep your word
your word
your word open my eyes that I may see wonders
open my eyes that I may see wonders
open my eyes that I may see wonders things from your wall I am a stranger in
things from your wall I am a stranger in
things from your wall I am a stranger in the earth do not hide your Commandments
the earth do not hide your Commandments
the earth do not hide your Commandments from me my soul breaks with longing for
from me my soul breaks with longing for
from me my soul breaks with longing for your judgments at all times you rebuke
your judgments at all times you rebuke
your judgments at all times you rebuke the proud the curse to stray from your
the proud the curse to stray from your
the proud the curse to stray from your Commandments remove from me reproach and
Commandments remove from me reproach and
Commandments remove from me reproach and contempt for I have kept your
contempt for I have kept your
contempt for I have kept your testimonies Prince's also sit and speak
testimonies Prince's also sit and speak
testimonies Prince's also sit and speak against me but your servant meditates on
against me but your servant meditates on
against me but your servant meditates on your statutes your testimonies also are
your statutes your testimonies also are
your statutes your testimonies also are my delight and my counselors my soul
my delight and my counselors my soul
my delight and my counselors my soul clings to the dust revive me according
clings to the dust revive me according
clings to the dust revive me according to your word I have declared my ways and
to your word I have declared my ways and
to your word I have declared my ways and you answered me teach me your statutes
you answered me teach me your statutes
you answered me teach me your statutes make me understand the way of your
make me understand the way of your
make me understand the way of your presets so I shall meditate on your
presets so I shall meditate on your
presets so I shall meditate on your wonderful works my soul melts from
wonderful works my soul melts from
wonderful works my soul melts from heaviness strengthen me according to
heaviness strengthen me according to
heaviness strengthen me according to your word remove from me the way of
your word remove from me the way of
your word remove from me the way of lying and grant me your law graciously I
lying and grant me your law graciously I
lying and grant me your law graciously I have chosen the way of truth
have chosen the way of truth
have chosen the way of truth your judgments I have laid before me I
your judgments I have laid before me I
your judgments I have laid before me I cling to your testimonies Oh Lord do not
cling to your testimonies Oh Lord do not
cling to your testimonies Oh Lord do not put me to shame I will run the course of
put me to shame I will run the course of
put me to shame I will run the course of your commandments for you shall enlarge
your commandments for you shall enlarge
your commandments for you shall enlarge my heart teach me O Lord the way of your
my heart teach me O Lord the way of your
my heart teach me O Lord the way of your statues and I shall keep it to the end
statues and I shall keep it to the end
statues and I shall keep it to the end give me understanding and I shall keep
give me understanding and I shall keep
give me understanding and I shall keep your law indeed I shall observe it with
your law indeed I shall observe it with
your law indeed I shall observe it with my whole heart make me walk in the path
my whole heart make me walk in the path
my whole heart make me walk in the path of your commandments for I delight in it
of your commandments for I delight in it
of your commandments for I delight in it incline my heart to your testimonies and
incline my heart to your testimonies and
incline my heart to your testimonies and not to covetousness turn away my eyes
not to covetousness turn away my eyes
not to covetousness turn away my eyes from looking at worthless things and
from looking at worthless things and
from looking at worthless things and revive me in your way establish your
revive me in your way establish your
revive me in your way establish your word to your servant who is devoted to
word to your servant who is devoted to
word to your servant who is devoted to fearing you turn away my reproach which
fearing you turn away my reproach which
fearing you turn away my reproach which I dread for your judgments are good
I dread for your judgments are good
I dread for your judgments are good behold I long for your precepts revive
behold I long for your precepts revive
behold I long for your precepts revive me in your righteousness let your
me in your righteousness let your
me in your righteousness let your mercies come also to me O Lord your
mercies come also to me O Lord your
mercies come also to me O Lord your salvation according to your word so
salvation according to your word so
salvation according to your word so shall I have answer for him who
shall I have answer for him who
shall I have answer for him who approaches me for I trust in your word
approaches me for I trust in your word
approaches me for I trust in your word and take not the word of truth
and take not the word of truth
and take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth for I have hoped
utterly out of my mouth for I have hoped
utterly out of my mouth for I have hoped in your ordinances so shall I keep your
in your ordinances so shall I keep your
in your ordinances so shall I keep your law continually for ever and ever
law continually for ever and ever
law continually for ever and ever and I will walk at liberty for I seek
and I will walk at liberty for I seek
and I will walk at liberty for I seek your precepts I will speak of your
your precepts I will speak of your
your precepts I will speak of your testimonies also before Kings and will
testimonies also before Kings and will
testimonies also before Kings and will not be ashamed and I will delight myself
not be ashamed and I will delight myself
not be ashamed and I will delight myself in your Commandments which I love my
in your Commandments which I love my
in your Commandments which I love my hands also I will lift up to your
hands also I will lift up to your
hands also I will lift up to your commandments which I love and I will
commandments which I love and I will
commandments which I love and I will meditate on your statutes remember the
meditate on your statutes remember the
meditate on your statutes remember the word to your servant upon which you have
word to your servant upon which you have
word to your servant upon which you have caused me to hope
caused me to hope
caused me to hope this is my comfort in my affliction for
this is my comfort in my affliction for
this is my comfort in my affliction for your word has given me life the proud
your word has given me life the proud
your word has given me life the proud have me in great derision yet I do not
have me in great derision yet I do not
have me in great derision yet I do not turn aside from your law i remembered
turn aside from your law i remembered
turn aside from your law i remembered your judgments of old Oh Lord and have
your judgments of old Oh Lord and have
your judgments of old Oh Lord and have comforted myself indignation has taken
comforted myself indignation has taken
comforted myself indignation has taken hold of me because of the wicked who
hold of me because of the wicked who
hold of me because of the wicked who forsake your law your statutes have been
forsake your law your statutes have been
forsake your law your statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimage I
my songs in the house of my pilgrimage I
my songs in the house of my pilgrimage I remember your name in the night Oh Lord
remember your name in the night Oh Lord
remember your name in the night Oh Lord and I keep your law this has become mine
and I keep your law this has become mine
and I keep your law this has become mine because I kept your precepts you are my
because I kept your precepts you are my
because I kept your precepts you are my portion O Lord I have said that I would
portion O Lord I have said that I would
portion O Lord I have said that I would keep your words I entreated your favour
keep your words I entreated your favour
keep your words I entreated your favour with my whole heart be merciful to me
with my whole heart be merciful to me
with my whole heart be merciful to me according to your word I thought about
according to your word I thought about
according to your word I thought about my ways and turned my feet to your
my ways and turned my feet to your
my ways and turned my feet to your testimonies I made haste and to not
testimonies I made haste and to not
testimonies I made haste and to not delay to keep your Commandments the
delay to keep your Commandments the
delay to keep your Commandments the chords of the wicked have bound me but I
chords of the wicked have bound me but I
chords of the wicked have bound me but I have not forgotten your law at midnight
have not forgotten your law at midnight
have not forgotten your law at midnight I will rise to give thanks to you
I will rise to give thanks to you
I will rise to give thanks to you because of your righteous judgments I am
because of your righteous judgments I am
because of your righteous judgments I am a companion of all who fear you and
a companion of all who fear you and
a companion of all who fear you and those who keep your precepts the earth O
those who keep your precepts the earth O
those who keep your precepts the earth O Lord is full of your mercy teach me your
Lord is full of your mercy teach me your
Lord is full of your mercy teach me your statutes you have dealt well with your
statutes you have dealt well with your
statutes you have dealt well with your servant O Lord according to your word
servant O Lord according to your word
servant O Lord according to your word teach me good judgment and knowledge for
teach me good judgment and knowledge for
teach me good judgment and knowledge for I believe your Commandments before I was
I believe your Commandments before I was
I believe your Commandments before I was afflicted I went astray but now I keep
afflicted I went astray but now I keep
afflicted I went astray but now I keep your word
your word
your word you are good and do good teach me your
you are good and do good teach me your
you are good and do good teach me your statutes the proud have forged a lie
statutes the proud have forged a lie
statutes the proud have forged a lie against me but I will keep your precepts
against me but I will keep your precepts
against me but I will keep your precepts with my whole heart their heart is as
with my whole heart their heart is as
with my whole heart their heart is as fat as grease but I delight in your law
fat as grease but I delight in your law
fat as grease but I delight in your law it is good for me that I have been
it is good for me that I have been
it is good for me that I have been afflicted that I may learn your statutes
afflicted that I may learn your statutes
afflicted that I may learn your statutes the law of your mouth is better to me
the law of your mouth is better to me
the law of your mouth is better to me than thousands of coins of gold and
than thousands of coins of gold and
than thousands of coins of gold and silver your hands have made me and
silver your hands have made me and
silver your hands have made me and fashioned me give me understanding that
fashioned me give me understanding that
fashioned me give me understanding that I may learn your Commandments those who
I may learn your Commandments those who
I may learn your Commandments those who fear you will be glad when they see me
fear you will be glad when they see me
fear you will be glad when they see me because I have hoped in your word
because I have hoped in your word
because I have hoped in your word I know O Lord that your judgments are
I know O Lord that your judgments are
I know O Lord that your judgments are right and that in faithfulness you have
right and that in faithfulness you have
right and that in faithfulness you have afflicted me let I pray your merciful
afflicted me let I pray your merciful
afflicted me let I pray your merciful kindness be for my comfort
kindness be for my comfort
kindness be for my comfort according to your word to your servant
according to your word to your servant
according to your word to your servant but your tender mercies come to me that
but your tender mercies come to me that
but your tender mercies come to me that I may live for your law is my delight
I may live for your law is my delight
I may live for your law is my delight let the proud be ashamed for they
let the proud be ashamed for they
let the proud be ashamed for they treated me wrongfully with falsehood
treated me wrongfully with falsehood
treated me wrongfully with falsehood but I will meditate on your precepts let
but I will meditate on your precepts let
but I will meditate on your precepts let those who fear you turn to me those who
those who fear you turn to me those who
those who fear you turn to me those who know your testimonies let my heart be
know your testimonies let my heart be
know your testimonies let my heart be blameless regarding your statutes that I
blameless regarding your statutes that I
blameless regarding your statutes that I may not be ashamed my soul faints for
may not be ashamed my soul faints for
may not be ashamed my soul faints for your salvation but I hope in your word
your salvation but I hope in your word
your salvation but I hope in your word my eyes fail from searching your word
my eyes fail from searching your word
my eyes fail from searching your word saying when will you comfort me for I
saying when will you comfort me for I
saying when will you comfort me for I have become like a wineskin in smoke yet
have become like a wineskin in smoke yet
have become like a wineskin in smoke yet I do not forget your statutes how many
I do not forget your statutes how many
I do not forget your statutes how many are the days of your servant
are the days of your servant
are the days of your servant when will you execute judgment on those
when will you execute judgment on those
when will you execute judgment on those who persecute me the proud have dug pits
who persecute me the proud have dug pits
who persecute me the proud have dug pits for me which is not according to your
for me which is not according to your
for me which is not according to your law all your Commandments are faithful
law all your Commandments are faithful
law all your Commandments are faithful they persecute me wrongfully help me
they persecute me wrongfully help me
they persecute me wrongfully help me they almost made an end of me on earth
they almost made an end of me on earth
they almost made an end of me on earth but I did not forsake your precepts
but I did not forsake your precepts
but I did not forsake your precepts revive me according to your
revive me according to your
revive me according to your loving-kindness so that I may keep the
loving-kindness so that I may keep the
loving-kindness so that I may keep the testimony of your mouth forever O Lord
testimony of your mouth forever O Lord
testimony of your mouth forever O Lord your word is settled in heaven your
your word is settled in heaven your
your word is settled in heaven your faithfulness endures to all generations
faithfulness endures to all generations
faithfulness endures to all generations you established the earth and it abides
you established the earth and it abides
you established the earth and it abides they continued this day according to
they continued this day according to
they continued this day according to your ordinances for all or your servants
your ordinances for all or your servants
your ordinances for all or your servants unless your law had been my delight I
unless your law had been my delight I
unless your law had been my delight I would then have perished in my
would then have perished in my
would then have perished in my affliction I will never forget your
affliction I will never forget your
affliction I will never forget your precepts for by them you have given me
precepts for by them you have given me
precepts for by them you have given me life I am yours save me
life I am yours save me
life I am yours save me for I have sought your precepts the
for I have sought your precepts the
for I have sought your precepts the wicked wait for me to destroy me but I
wicked wait for me to destroy me but I
wicked wait for me to destroy me but I will consider your testimonies I have
will consider your testimonies I have
will consider your testimonies I have seen the consummation of all perfection
seen the consummation of all perfection
seen the consummation of all perfection but your commandment is exceedingly
but your commandment is exceedingly
but your commandment is exceedingly broad oh how I love your law it is my
broad oh how I love your law it is my
broad oh how I love your law it is my meditation all the day you through your
meditation all the day you through your
meditation all the day you through your Commandments make me wiser than my
Commandments make me wiser than my
Commandments make me wiser than my enemies for they are ever with me I have
enemies for they are ever with me I have
enemies for they are ever with me I have more understanding than all my teachers
more understanding than all my teachers
more understanding than all my teachers for your testimonies are my meditation I
for your testimonies are my meditation I
for your testimonies are my meditation I understand more than the ancients
understand more than the ancients
understand more than the ancients because I keep your precepts I have
because I keep your precepts I have
because I keep your precepts I have restrained my feet from every evil way
restrained my feet from every evil way
restrained my feet from every evil way that I may keep your word I have not
that I may keep your word I have not
that I may keep your word I have not departed from your judgments for you
departed from your judgments for you
departed from your judgments for you yourself have taught me how sweet are
yourself have taught me how sweet are
yourself have taught me how sweet are your words to my taste sweeter than
your words to my taste sweeter than
your words to my taste sweeter than honey to my mouth through your precepts
honey to my mouth through your precepts
honey to my mouth through your precepts I get understanding
I get understanding
I get understanding therefore I hate every false way
therefore I hate every false way
therefore I hate every false way your word is a lamp to my feet and a
your word is a lamp to my feet and a
your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path I have sworn and
light to my path I have sworn and
light to my path I have sworn and confirmed that I will keep your
confirmed that I will keep your
confirmed that I will keep your righteous judgments
righteous judgments
righteous judgments I am afflicted very much revive me O
I am afflicted very much revive me O
I am afflicted very much revive me O Lord according to your word except I
Lord according to your word except I
Lord according to your word except I pray the freewill offerings of my mouth
pray the freewill offerings of my mouth
pray the freewill offerings of my mouth O Lord and teach me your judgments my
O Lord and teach me your judgments my
O Lord and teach me your judgments my life is continually in my hand yet I do
life is continually in my hand yet I do
life is continually in my hand yet I do not forget your law the wicked have laid
not forget your law the wicked have laid
not forget your law the wicked have laid a snare for me yet I have not strayed
a snare for me yet I have not strayed
a snare for me yet I have not strayed from your precepts your testimonies I
from your precepts your testimonies I
from your precepts your testimonies I have taken as a heritage forever for
have taken as a heritage forever for
have taken as a heritage forever for they are the rejoicing of my heart I
they are the rejoicing of my heart I
they are the rejoicing of my heart I have inclined my heart to perform your
have inclined my heart to perform your
have inclined my heart to perform your statutes forever to the very end
statutes forever to the very end
statutes forever to the very end I hate a double-minded but I love your
I hate a double-minded but I love your
I hate a double-minded but I love your law you are my hiding place and my
law you are my hiding place and my
law you are my hiding place and my shield I hope in your word depart from
shield I hope in your word depart from
shield I hope in your word depart from me you evildoers for I will keep the
me you evildoers for I will keep the
me you evildoers for I will keep the commandments of my God uphold me
commandments of my God uphold me
commandments of my God uphold me according to your word that I may live
according to your word that I may live
according to your word that I may live and do not let me be ashamed of my hope
and do not let me be ashamed of my hope
and do not let me be ashamed of my hope hold me up and I shall be safe and I
hold me up and I shall be safe and I
hold me up and I shall be safe and I shall observe your statutes continually
shall observe your statutes continually
shall observe your statutes continually you reject all those who stray from your
you reject all those who stray from your
you reject all those who stray from your statutes for their deceit is falsehood
statutes for their deceit is falsehood
statutes for their deceit is falsehood you put away all the wicked of the earth
you put away all the wicked of the earth
you put away all the wicked of the earth like dross therefore I love your
like dross therefore I love your
like dross therefore I love your testimonies my flesh trembles for fear
testimonies my flesh trembles for fear
testimonies my flesh trembles for fear of you and I am afraid of your judgments
of you and I am afraid of your judgments
of you and I am afraid of your judgments I have done justice and righteousness
I have done justice and righteousness
I have done justice and righteousness do not leave me to my oppressors be
do not leave me to my oppressors be
do not leave me to my oppressors be surety for your servant for good do not
surety for your servant for good do not
surety for your servant for good do not let the proud oppress me my eyes fail
let the proud oppress me my eyes fail
let the proud oppress me my eyes fail from seeking your salvation and you are
from seeking your salvation and you are
from seeking your salvation and you are righteous word deal with your servant
righteous word deal with your servant
righteous word deal with your servant according to your mercy and teach me
according to your mercy and teach me
according to your mercy and teach me your statutes I am your servant give me
your statutes I am your servant give me
your statutes I am your servant give me understanding that I may know your
understanding that I may know your
understanding that I may know your testimonies it is time for you to act Oh
testimonies it is time for you to act Oh
testimonies it is time for you to act Oh Lord for they have regarded your law as
Lord for they have regarded your law as
Lord for they have regarded your law as void therefore I love your Commandments
void therefore I love your Commandments
void therefore I love your Commandments more than gold yes then find gold
more than gold yes then find gold
more than gold yes then find gold therefore all your precepts concerning
therefore all your precepts concerning
therefore all your precepts concerning all things I consider to be right I hate
all things I consider to be right I hate
all things I consider to be right I hate every false way your testimonies are
every false way your testimonies are
every false way your testimonies are wonderful therefore my soul keeps them
wonderful therefore my soul keeps them
wonderful therefore my soul keeps them the entrance of your words gives light
the entrance of your words gives light
the entrance of your words gives light gives understanding to the simple I
gives understanding to the simple I
gives understanding to the simple I opened my mouth and panted for I long
opened my mouth and panted for I long
opened my mouth and panted for I long for your Commandments look upon me and
for your Commandments look upon me and
for your Commandments look upon me and be merciful to me as your custom is
be merciful to me as your custom is
be merciful to me as your custom is toward those who love your name direct
toward those who love your name direct
toward those who love your name direct my steps by your word and let no
my steps by your word and let no
my steps by your word and let no iniquity have dominion over me redeem me
iniquity have dominion over me redeem me
iniquity have dominion over me redeem me from the oppression of man that I may
from the oppression of man that I may
from the oppression of man that I may keep your precepts make your face shine
keep your precepts make your face shine
keep your precepts make your face shine upon your servant and teach me your
upon your servant and teach me your
upon your servant and teach me your statutes rivers of water run down from
statutes rivers of water run down from
statutes rivers of water run down from my eyes because men do not keep your law
my eyes because men do not keep your law
my eyes because men do not keep your law righteous are you O Lord an upright are
righteous are you O Lord an upright are
righteous are you O Lord an upright are your judgments your testimonies which
your judgments your testimonies which
your judgments your testimonies which you have commanded are righteous and
you have commanded are righteous and
you have commanded are righteous and very faithful my zeal has consumed me
very faithful my zeal has consumed me
very faithful my zeal has consumed me because my enemies have forgotten your
because my enemies have forgotten your
because my enemies have forgotten your words your word is very pure
words your word is very pure
words your word is very pure therefore your servant loves it I am
therefore your servant loves it I am
therefore your servant loves it I am small and despised yet I do not forget
small and despised yet I do not forget
small and despised yet I do not forget your precepts your righteousness is an
your precepts your righteousness is an
your precepts your righteousness is an everlasting righteousness and your law
everlasting righteousness and your law
everlasting righteousness and your law is truth trouble and anguish have
is truth trouble and anguish have
is truth trouble and anguish have overtaken me yet your Commandments are
overtaken me yet your Commandments are
overtaken me yet your Commandments are my delights the righteousness of your
my delights the righteousness of your
my delights the righteousness of your testimonies is everlasting give me
testimonies is everlasting give me
testimonies is everlasting give me understanding and I shall live I cry out
understanding and I shall live I cry out
understanding and I shall live I cry out with my own heart
with my own heart
with my own heart hear me O Lord I will keep your statutes
hear me O Lord I will keep your statutes
hear me O Lord I will keep your statutes I cry out to you save me and I will keep
I cry out to you save me and I will keep
I cry out to you save me and I will keep your testimonies I rise before the
your testimonies I rise before the
your testimonies I rise before the dawning of the morning and cry for help
dawning of the morning and cry for help
dawning of the morning and cry for help I hope in your word my eyes are awake
I hope in your word my eyes are awake
I hope in your word my eyes are awake through the night watches that I may
through the night watches that I may
through the night watches that I may meditate
hear my voice according to your
hear my voice according to your loving-kindness Oh Lord revive me
loving-kindness Oh Lord revive me
loving-kindness Oh Lord revive me according to your justice they draw near
according to your justice they draw near
according to your justice they draw near who follow after wickedness they are far
who follow after wickedness they are far
who follow after wickedness they are far in your law you are near Oh Lord and all
in your law you are near Oh Lord and all
in your law you are near Oh Lord and all your Commandments are truth concerning
your Commandments are truth concerning
your Commandments are truth concerning your testimonies I have known of old
your testimonies I have known of old
your testimonies I have known of old that you have founded them forever
that you have founded them forever
that you have founded them forever consider my affliction and deliver me
consider my affliction and deliver me
consider my affliction and deliver me for I do not forget your law plead my
for I do not forget your law plead my
for I do not forget your law plead my cause and redeem me revive me according
cause and redeem me revive me according
cause and redeem me revive me according to your word salvation is far from the
to your word salvation is far from the
to your word salvation is far from the wicked for they do not seek your
wicked for they do not seek your
wicked for they do not seek your statutes
statutes
statutes great are your tender mercies O Lord
great are your tender mercies O Lord
great are your tender mercies O Lord revive me according to your judgments
revive me according to your judgments
revive me according to your judgments many are my persecutors and my enemies
many are my persecutors and my enemies
many are my persecutors and my enemies yet I do not turn from your testimonies
yet I do not turn from your testimonies
yet I do not turn from your testimonies I see the treacherous and then disgusted
I see the treacherous and then disgusted
I see the treacherous and then disgusted because they do not keep your word
because they do not keep your word
because they do not keep your word consider how I love your presets revive
consider how I love your presets revive
consider how I love your presets revive me O Lord according to your
me O Lord according to your
me O Lord according to your loving-kindness the entirety of your
loving-kindness the entirety of your
loving-kindness the entirety of your word is truth and every one of your
word is truth and every one of your
word is truth and every one of your righteous judgments endures forever
righteous judgments endures forever
righteous judgments endures forever princes persecute me without a cause but
princes persecute me without a cause but
princes persecute me without a cause but my heart stands in awe of your word
my heart stands in awe of your word
my heart stands in awe of your word I rejoice at your word as one who finds
I rejoice at your word as one who finds
I rejoice at your word as one who finds great treasure
great treasure
great treasure I hate and abhor lying but I love your
I hate and abhor lying but I love your
I hate and abhor lying but I love your law seven times a day I praise you
law seven times a day I praise you
law seven times a day I praise you because of your righteous judgments
because of your righteous judgments
because of your righteous judgments great peace have those who love your law
great peace have those who love your law
great peace have those who love your law and nothing causes them to stumble lord
and nothing causes them to stumble lord
and nothing causes them to stumble lord I hope for your salvation and I do your
I hope for your salvation and I do your
I hope for your salvation and I do your commandments my soul keeps your
commandments my soul keeps your
commandments my soul keeps your testimonies and I love them exceedingly
testimonies and I love them exceedingly
testimonies and I love them exceedingly I keep your precepts and your
I keep your precepts and your
I keep your precepts and your testimonies for all my ways are before
testimonies for all my ways are before
testimonies for all my ways are before you let my cry come before you O Lord
you let my cry come before you O Lord
you let my cry come before you O Lord give me understanding according to your
give me understanding according to your
give me understanding according to your word let my supplication come before you
word let my supplication come before you
word let my supplication come before you deliver me according to your word my
deliver me according to your word my
deliver me according to your word my lips shall utter praise for you teach me
lips shall utter praise for you teach me
lips shall utter praise for you teach me your statutes my tongue shall speak of
your statutes my tongue shall speak of
your statutes my tongue shall speak of your word for all your Commandments are
your word for all your Commandments are
your word for all your Commandments are righteousness let your hand become my
righteousness let your hand become my
righteousness let your hand become my help for I have chosen your precepts I
help for I have chosen your precepts I
help for I have chosen your precepts I long for your salvation O Lord and your
long for your salvation O Lord and your
long for your salvation O Lord and your law is my delight let my soul live and
law is my delight let my soul live and
law is my delight let my soul live and it shall praise you and let your
it shall praise you and let your
it shall praise you and let your judgments help me I have gone astray
judgments help me I have gone astray
judgments help me I have gone astray like a lost sheep seek your servant for
like a lost sheep seek your servant for
like a lost sheep seek your servant for I do not forget your Commandments